Badge component (#3429)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/badge/docs/Badge.mdx

<Badge variant="positive">
  <CheckmarkCircle />
  <Text>Icon + Label</Text>
</Badge>
```

### Accessibility
If a visible label isn't specified, an `aria-label` must be provided for accessibility.

### Internationalization

To internationalize a Badge, a localized string should be set as the child content of the Badge.
For languages that are read right-to-left (e.g. Hebrew and Arabic), the Badge is automatically flipped.

## Props

<PropTable component={docs.exports.Badge} links={docs.links} />

## Visual options

### Variant
[View guidelines](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/badge/#Semantic-variants)

When badges have a semantic meaning, they should use semantic colors.
Use the appropriate color to indicate status as follows.

```tsx example
import {Flex} from '@react-spectrum/layout';

<Flex direction="column" gap={8}>
  <Badge variant="positive">Green: Approved, Complete, Success, New, Purchased, Licensed</Badge>
  <Badge variant="info">Blue: Active, In Use, Live, Published</Badge>
  <Badge variant="negative">Red: Error, Alert, Rejected, Failed</Badge>
  <Badge variant="neutral">Gray: Archived, Deleted, Paused, Draft, Not Started, Ended</Badge>
</Flex>
```

> When status lights are used to color code categories, they use label colors. The ideal usage for these is when there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When badges are used to color code categories, they use label colors. The ideal usage for these is when there
```

{/* Copyright 2022 Adobe. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy
of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and limitations under the License. */}

import {Layout} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
export default Layout;

import docs from 'docs:@react-spectrum/badge';
import {HeaderInfo, PropTable, PageDescription} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
import packageData from '@react-spectrum/badge/package.json';

```jsx import
import {Badge} from '@react-spectrum/badge';
```

---
category: Status
keywords: [badge]

> ---

Reviewer: add `after_version: 3.0.0` so that this doesn't go out to the prod docs website right away. it would break until we publish the package.

# Badge

<PageDescription>{docs.exports.Badge.description}</PageDescription>

<HeaderInfo
packageData={packageData}
componentNames={['Badge']}
sourceData={[
{type: 'Spectrum', url: 'https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/badge/'}
]} />

## Example

```tsx example
<Badge variant="positive">Licensed</Badge>
```

## Content

> Badges can hav a label, an icon, or both. An icon is provided by passing an icon component as a child to the Badge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Badges can have a label, an icon, or both. An icon is provided by passing an icon component as a child to the Badge.
```

A visible label can be provided by passing a string or a Text component as a child, depending on whether the Badge has an accompanying icon.

```tsx example
import {Text} from '@react-spectrum/text';
import CheckmarkCircle from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/CheckmarkCircle';

<Badge variant="positive">
  <CheckmarkCircle />
  <Text>Icon + Label</Text>
</Badge>
```

### Accessibility
If a visible label isn't specified, an `aria-label` must be provided for accessibility.

### Internationalization

To internationalize a Badge, a localized string should be set as the child content of the Badge.
For languages that are read right-to-left (e.g. Hebrew and Arabic), the Badge is automatically flipped.

## Props

<PropTable component={docs.exports.Badge} links={docs.links} />

## Visual options

### Variant
[View guidelines](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/badge/#Semantic-variants)

When badges have a semantic meaning, they should use semantic colors.
Use the appropriate color to indicate status as follows.

```tsx example

> <Badge variant="positive">Green: Approved, Complete, Success, New, Purchased, Licensed</Badge>

Reviewer 2: style nit, but maybe these can be wrapped in a `Flex` with a `gap`, and maybe `direction="column"`
